feat: remove dependency on deployment-dir for scale/upgrade (#890)
Azure/aks-engine: docs/topics/upgrade.md

In order to ensure that your `aks-engine upgrade` operation runs smoothly, there are a few things you should be aware of before getting started.

> 1) You will need access to the original api model used to generate the cluster.  `aks-engine` will use the `--api-model` argument to introspect the `apimodel.json` and Azure Resource Manager (ARM) parameters in order to determine the cluster's current Kubernetes version, as well as all other cluster configuration data as defined by `aks-engine` during the last time that `aks-engine` was used to deploy, scale, or upgrade the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) You will need access to the original apimodel used to generate the cluster.  `aks-engine` will use the `--api-model` argument to introspect the `apimodel.json` file in order to determine the cluster's current Kubernetes version, as well as all other cluster configuration data as defined by `aks-engine` during the last time that `aks-engine` was used to deploy, scale, or upgrade the cluster.
```

Reviewer: I don't think we need the ARM params anymore right?
